CONTRIBUTIONS.md, before:

# My Hacktoberfest 2025 Contributions

This document lists all my accepted pull requests during Hacktoberfest 2025.

## Accepted Pull Requests

### 1. Gratitude order reversed - Fixing issue #56
- **Repository:** [mattlindsey/affirm](https://github.com/mattlindsey/affirm)
- **PR Link:** [#62](https://github.com/mattlindsey/affirm/pull/62)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged
- **Date:** October 28, 2025
- **Description:** Fixed the order of gratitude entries to display correctly
- **Technologies:** JavaScript

---

### 2. Added chicken_kottu recipe - Issue #91
- **Repository:** [CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book](https://github.com/CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book)
- **PR Link:** [#110](https://github.com/CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book/pull/110)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 24, 2025
- **Description:** Added a new chicken kottu recipe to the global recipe book collection
- **Technologies:** Markdown, Recipe Documentation

---

### 3. Rename /certificate route to /completion - Fixes #98
- **Repository:** [GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025)
- **PR Link:** [#101](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025/pull/101)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Renamed the certificate route to completion for better clarity and consistency
- **Technologies:** JavaScript, Routing

---

### 4. Update certificate headings for clarity - Fixes #99
- **Repository:** [GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025)
- **PR Link:** [#100](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025/pull/100)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Updated certificate headings to improve readability and user experience
- **Technologies:** HTML, CSS, Documentation

---

### 5. Add AWS SSM Chaos experiments to AWS experiments table
- **Repository:** [litmuschaos/litmus](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus)
- **PR Link:** [#5240](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus/pull/5240)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Added documentation for AWS SSM Chaos experiments to the AWS experiments reference table
- **Technologies:** Markdown, Documentation, AWS, Chaos Engineering

---

### 6. Logo align fix - Fixing issue #31
- **Repository:** [OpsiMate/opsimate-website](https://github.com/OpsiMate/opsimate-website)
- **PR Link:** [#36](https://github.com/OpsiMate/opsimate-website/pull/36)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Fixed logo alignment issues on the OpsiMate website
- **Technologies:** HTML, CSS

---

Commit message:

Enhance contributions document with details and fun fact
Expanded the contributions description with additional details about the changes made and a fun fact about a recipe contribution.

CONTRIBUTIONS.md, after:

# My Hacktoberfest 2025 Contributions

This document lists all my accepted pull requests during Hacktoberfest 2025.Although each of them were small changes done in styling(css),routing,documentation etc. it was a great experence to have something to contribute for open source projects  in the range of what I know.
Fun fact - Added a recipe and shared the culture of my country to a global recipe book webpage

## Accepted Pull Requests

### 1. Gratitude order reversed - Fixing issue #56
- **Repository:** [mattlindsey/affirm](https://github.com/mattlindsey/affirm)
- **PR Link:** [#62](https://github.com/mattlindsey/affirm/pull/62)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged
- **Date:** October 28, 2025
- **Description:** Fixed the order of gratitude entries to display correctly
- **Technologies:** JavaScript

---

### 2. Added chicken_kottu recipe - Issue #91
- **Repository:** [CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book](https://github.com/CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book)
- **PR Link:** [#110](https://github.com/CSI-CATT/global-recipe-book/pull/110)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 24, 2025
- **Description:** Added a new chicken kottu recipe to the global recipe book collection
- **Technologies:** Markdown, Recipe Documentation

---

### 3. Rename /certificate route to /completion - Fixes #98
- **Repository:** [GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025)
- **PR Link:** [#101](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025/pull/101)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Renamed the certificate route to completion for better clarity and consistency
- **Technologies:** JavaScript, Routing

---

### 4. Update certificate headings for clarity - Fixes #99
- **Repository:** [GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025)
- **PR Link:** [#100](https://github.com/GDGBabcockUniversity/gdg-babcock-hacktoberfest-2025/pull/100)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Updated certificate headings to improve readability and user experience
- **Technologies:** HTML, CSS, Documentation

---

### 5. Add AWS SSM Chaos experiments to AWS experiments table
- **Repository:** [litmuschaos/litmus](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus)
- **PR Link:** [#5240](https://github.com/litmuschaos/litmus/pull/5240)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Added documentation for AWS SSM Chaos experiments to the AWS experiments reference table
- **Technologies:** Markdown, Documentation, AWS, Chaos Engineering

---

### 6. Logo align fix - Fixing issue #31
- **Repository:** [OpsiMate/opsimate-website](https://github.com/OpsiMate/opsimate-website)
- **PR Link:** [#36](https://github.com/OpsiMate/opsimate-website/pull/36)
- **Status:** ✅ Merged 🏷️ hacktoberfest-accepted
- **Date:** October 22, 2025
- **Description:** Fixed logo alignment issues on the OpsiMate website
- **Technologies:** HTML, CSS

---
